README.md, before:

# ITCS 4155 Class Project - SCRUM Development

## Project Overview
This repository contains the work for our ITCS 4155 class project. Our team is utilizing the SCRUM framework to collaborate and develop a software solution. The project emphasizes agile development, iterative progress, and consistent communication.

## Team Members
**SCRUM Master** Nihal Adhikary

**Product Owner** Chris Berns (Team Lead)

**Developer** Diptesh Mool

**Developer** Dhruv Mukherjee

**Developer** Shlok Singh

**Developer** Evan Stark

## Project Goals
The primary goal of this project is to design, develop, and deliver a functional software application while practicing SCRUM methodologies. Our objectives include:

1. **Sprint Planning:** Breaking the project into manageable sprints with specific deliverables.
2. **Collaboration:** Utilizing daily stand-ups, retrospectives, and task boards to coordinate efforts and track progress.
3. **Iteration:** Delivering incremental updates to ensure continuous improvement and adaptability.
4. **Documentation:** Maintaining clear and thorough documentation for all aspects of the project.

## SCRUM Roles
- **Product Owner:** Chris Berns, responsible for defining the vision and prioritizing the backlog.
- **SCRUM Master:** Ensures that the team follows SCRUM principles and facilitates processes.
- **Development Team:** All members contribute equally to the design, development, and testing of the project.

## Development Process
Our workflow includes:

1. **Sprint Planning Meetings** to identify tasks and define goals for the sprint.
2. **Daily Stand-ups** to provide updates and address blockers.
3. **Sprint Retrospectives** to reflect on the sprint and identify areas for improvement.
4. **Backlog Grooming** to ensure tasks are clearly defined and prioritized.

We use GitHub tools to manage our backlog and track progress.

## Project Setup
To set up the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd <project_directory>
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   <instructions to install dependencies>
   ```

4. Run the project:
   ```bash
   <instructions to run the project>
   ```

## Repository Structure
- `/src`: Source code
- `/docs`: Project documentation
- `/tests`: Test cases
- `/backlog`: Backlog items and sprint planning documents

## Contributing
We follow a collaborative approach to development. To contribute:

1. Create a branch for your feature:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b <branch_name>
   ```

2. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "<commit_message>"
   ```

3. Push your changes and create a pull request:
   ```bash
   git push origin <branch_name>
   ```

## Communication
Our team communicates via SMS messages/GitHub messenging.

## Contact
For any questions concerning the project, please contact:

**Chris Berns** (Team Lead and Product Owner)  
cberns@charlotte.edu

## License
MIT License

---

For any questions, please contact Chris Berns.

Commit message:

Added instructions to run the frontend

README.md, after:

# ITCS 4155 Class Project - SCRUM Development

## Project Overview
This repository contains the work for our ITCS 4155 class project. Our team is utilizing the SCRUM framework to collaborate and develop a software solution. The project emphasizes agile development, iterative progress, and consistent communication.

## Team Members
**SCRUM Master** Nihal Adhikary

**Product Owner** Chris Berns (Team Lead)

**Developer** Diptesh Mool

**Developer** Dhruv Mukherjee

**Developer** Shlok Singh

**Developer** Evan Stark

## Project Goals
The primary goal of this project is to design, develop, and deliver a functional software application while practicing SCRUM methodologies. Our objectives include:

1. **Sprint Planning:** Breaking the project into manageable sprints with specific deliverables.
2. **Collaboration:** Utilizing daily stand-ups, retrospectives, and task boards to coordinate efforts and track progress.
3. **Iteration:** Delivering incremental updates to ensure continuous improvement and adaptability.
4. **Documentation:** Maintaining clear and thorough documentation for all aspects of the project.

## SCRUM Roles
- **Product Owner:** Chris Berns, responsible for defining the vision and prioritizing the backlog.
- **SCRUM Master:** Ensures that the team follows SCRUM principles and facilitates processes.
- **Development Team:** All members contribute equally to the design, development, and testing of the project.

## Development Process
Our workflow includes:

1. **Sprint Planning Meetings** to identify tasks and define goals for the sprint.
2. **Daily Stand-ups** to provide updates and address blockers.
3. **Sprint Retrospectives** to reflect on the sprint and identify areas for improvement.
4. **Backlog Grooming** to ensure tasks are clearly defined and prioritized.

We use GitHub tools to manage our backlog and track progress.

## Project Setup
To set up the project locally:

Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```
   
## FrontEnd Setup
Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend/finfit-frontend
   ```

Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

Run the project:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```
### Notes:

- Ensure Node.js (version 16+) is installed. You can check by running:
```bash
node -v
```


## Repository Structure
- `/src`: Source code
- `/docs`: Project documentation
- `/tests`: Test cases
- `/backlog`: Backlog items and sprint planning documents

## Contributing
We follow a collaborative approach to development. To contribute:

1. Create a branch for your feature:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b <branch_name>
   ```

2. Commit your changes:
   ```bash
   git commit -m "<commit_message>"
   ```

3. Push your changes and create a pull request:
   ```bash
   git push origin <branch_name>
   ```

## Communication
Our team communicates via SMS messages/GitHub messenging.

## Contact
For any questions concerning the project, please contact:

**Chris Berns** (Team Lead and Product Owner)  
cberns@charlotte.edu

## License
MIT License

---

For any questions, please contact Chris Berns.
